Chen Zhulong greets His Majesty
Thank you, Your Majesty
Prince Rong, I have called you here this time
I want you and Shigerang Gao to smile and grudge
You are both big money pillars
Minister of the Bone
No complaints
Wan'er Dao Jiu is
Thank you, Your Majesty
I don't dare to leave this woman
I didn't do anything after I entered the palace
But why not
Thank you for the wine
Why are you so dizzy?
Daring Zhou Long
I treat you like this
How dare you fight a voodoo doll in the mansion
deserve death
Why is the black dragon there?
Your Majesty, you did it on purpose
I want Tu Jiang to be busy
Zhou Long committed a heinous crime
Get me dozens of stinky fish and rotten shrimp
Thank you for shooting down this king dog sheep
You have dozens of damn rich people
Why did this king poison the dragon?
The King of Qing sees people accurately
That's right, it's the medicine that the lower official gave you
Just dozens of rich
Hmph, I want to win the worship list
It's just a dream to see you
Otherwise, don't blame the kings for their injustice.
The waiting list kills them all
Zhou Qianwen has become you, talk back to me
Ah!
Uh-huh.
Farewell
Ah!
Oh, dear.
Prince Gong
You lose, there will be no Prince Rong's mansion after today